Good evening will not let Kuba is Miki or behavior There are very sorry and ended up in the middle of the night
It is not
The video that was scheduled to be released today will not have to be smashed for a few reasons
ー ー ー
I wow
It was a great tense video, for the first time this time
Have a video that you interviewed someone
We were going to put out today, but it will be a little after tomorrow Hey , the circumstances of adults
Do you have any personal computer circumstances ?
I used my old PC for a long time
It 's heavy, it's heavy, it's a data weight and a laptop , but it's heavy
I wish like
Well I'm using it now
korres show this macbook pro 15 inch ridge using
I've been working with this guy , but I've been using it, but it's heavy and heavy
Everyone went to edit this and I finally went
'S here that is reflected and here Chiratchira' Wellｰｰｰ
Ah ah ah ah
Messed up big I bought 17 inches on the desktop of the Do not high not shoot times in Well
The room is
Like this was her great because hey do not want moved so much because many dirty room
The size is different
I feel Tsu Na to be able to use in various settings from now the goods
This type of mouse is now
And do not Tsuite Colo not really know other teeth in the button
I noticed from now on how to use this and trying hard
Ikeru decreased until the end of the screen Once the emergence Te What do pitch because still To Roh notebook computer teeny
But this is it
Act Cameo Even if you move the mouse a little from the moon , it doesn't go much ahead
I struggled every time I moved it
Editing of my videos is now a great way to study, but it's actually an iphone
A man who can not even sync properly so I can do my best from now on
I want to be
More than today's video breaks mac desktop
It was a report that I bought it
I really wanted to do the opening video but I opened it a bit more urgently
It has become a form to show the state
And yes , the number of subscribers has finally exceeded 100,000 in the middle of the night of yesterday
Thank you so much for your support
Well, I'm preparing for a while now, but I'm preparing for a present of 100,000 people commemoratively
Because it is ready I think that you have stuck by all means plain of there other
Aso Oi TV wake up plus there is something I saw everyone
There is a lot of room here.
Eh
Thank you also full like report
I Well then short Today this neighborhood De
Great